hello everyone and welcome to League
weekly this is the first week of August
I believe our second week second week of
August depending on how you look at it
and we are done now at least in North
America with the split moving on to
playoffs and all sorts of other
interesting thing happens happening in
other regions that I'm sure I will learn
about shortly let me go ahead and go
ahead and introduce everyone or let them
introduce themselves first off we've got
former Yahoo eSports employee now full
time freelancer Emily Rand how's it
going Emily hello pretty good I'm really
busy this week because in addition to
putting out League of Legends stuff I'm
prepping for the overwatch World Cup so
yeah so it's going to be right here in
San Marcos yeah which way where is that
it's uh up at the airport
I believe Barker hangars well I'll
probably try and sneak my way in there
once yeah check it out
next up we have Kelsey Moser all the way
from Germany house Gong Kelsey I'm doing
pretty well I spend my free time seeing
how many players I can get you off you
have teams to give me the interview and
making them trash talk each other so
good yeah and then finally we've got
Mark Zimmerman noted riot analyst and
bio frost critic himself how's it going
mark great yeah got some feedback out
bio frost ready to start up round two
okay why bio for us to the shitter by
Mark Zimmerman that's like hey maybe
this show why the big bitch oh alright
alright alright we're off to a great
start
alright so first off let's start off
with a place far to the east of here
notice Korea where we have the lck
playoffs happening Emily ran topic how's
it going Emily good um so last week I
try to hype people up for the final week
of lck I know at least one person
watched it on a recommendation so I hope
you enjoyed it
they tweeted that me so I was actually
really proud of like whoa I actually got
someone to watch this um but it was
really exciting the freaka genera like
last play spot actually did come down to
their games so that was interesting and
then we had Samsung and Longview
fighting over first seed which is an
automatic bid to the finals and long who
actually made it against my prediction
and most odds I would have given them
earlier in the slit and so I got several
people to tweet at me about how good
comments and then just like you know
what I'm sorry that I did research
beyond looking at the Korean solo queue
ladder and seeing this guy was like
ranked top three or whatever I will
never ever do that again ever
you know so he still has a lot of the
flaws but I think I pointed out and I
think that it's going to be a big
problem for them in the final but we
will talk about that another time
continue yeah I'm actually writing a
whole article on it so look forward to
that because yeah I I do want to address
some of the concerns I have about the
team but I am excited that they they
made it that's my neighbor's dog anyway
um the uh so anyway yeah see you first
week of playoffs starts this week and we
have Africa and skp kicking it off which
is actually really interesting because
Africa has a strong win rate against SK
Kia seemingly no matter what their
roster is so and the freaka also bombed
out of play it has has actually bombed
that playoffs with all of their rosters
every time they've made it so it should
be an interesting matchup question
Claude Armour is the strongest to
include the question yeah exactly and
also I mean SK see in my opinion like I
know people are like they're back
they're winning etc they beat KT in an
interesting series I mean they kind of
always beat KC at this point so like I
was just like after KT has this like
they've lost first game they had this
really amazing sex
game and I'd already treated like you
know kg are out like they're not going
to get there automatic speeds to Worlds
because if they had one they actually
would have qualified gifts been
guaranteed to qualify either on points
or by winning the summer final um and
then they lost a victory obviously so I
think for KC fans you kind of are
rooting for SPP to lose and I still
think they have a lot of the flaws that
they've had previously like even in
their barbecue series uh was a little
interesting uh wasn't their best showing
I'll just say that so there were a lot
of people actually tweeting about how my
case SKT obviously didn't prepare for
Viva q but when you don't like prep
words for Dragon
yeah just like lime stays check it and
gauge like that's not be be too specific
so yeah it's uh I don't really know what
happened at some points in some of those
games
it just wasn't their best showing
especially prepping for playoffs so I
think it's going to be a really
interesting gauntlet to watch and it
starts like our Friday night early
Saturday morning so I believe four four
o'clock Eastern Time and one o'clock
Pacific time on on like Friday night
Saturday rings I'm gonna put on my
Travis cafard hat and ask uh SKT
obviously so it's a chance to get to
worlds but what is like their what's
their path so like you know obviously
they can win this splitting run the
gauntlet basically and make it but
should they fail any point they have to
go play in another gauntlet right yeah
but it would require them to basically
fail within the first few rounds because
they already have a lot of championship
points from winning spring um so they
already like
right now Katie using the lead for
championship points simply because they
qualified for what is second seeds in
the countless but since SK Telecom have
90 championship points to from spring
already and 20 automatically from this
foot even if they so like say they
completely bomb out and they lose
they're still seated in the very last
place of the regional gauntlet okay so
maybe it's basically there there have to
be a lot of bad circumstances for them
and they have to fail at literally every
level in order to not make it to world
just because they have a lot of
championship points already okay so
that's Casey's going the world's almost
certainly I mean I would say so
alright moving on first team to qualify
for Worlds is special Vash will discuss
this in depth but I just want to bring
it up because it was a piece of news
that people like Tom I mean they always
make it it was really we're doing Conor
rankings this week because and it was
like I don't think fossils deserve to be
top ten I was like I don't know if any
of the teams we haven't talked to Hauser
we thought you liked his immortals
wer bashes it was too bad week for the
top ten but be the flash holds games
were interesting because I was like
watching three different streams at once
and legit every time I went to the LMS
one and it was a philatelist versus rays
they were throwing Baron it happened
like three times in one game I was just
like this is good and I've got this is
the thing so yeah I'll stander about it
I'll CSS weekend here's to play I don't
know all right so now we've established
flash holes has made it but they nobody
is very excited about the fact that
they've made it this is what I'm hearing
I mean I'm excited because I like flash
holes but in terms of them being like a
serious world championship contender I
don't yet
I think my grasp like my feelings on
Ray's is that the fact that they were
doing really well and nearly at the top
of the league for much of the split is
really kind of bad in terms of the
season because of like the way that
their mid laner plays and the women
they're basically budget flash wolves as
always are so they play very similarly
but they have like weaker players so
it's not like discount g2 or they don't
actually play it off oh God
so but I think that yeah so to me that's
like kind of worrying and I am sort of
afraid that LMS Mohammed is showing at
world this year some way to last year's
them Laura Pugh face in twitch chat says
so is this ellos weakest looking season
in general no no I don't think that's
the point just like it's hard to justify
anyone being super highly rated in most
regions just because they're all the
tops at least from the regular season
look pretty close together though it's
also gave me these strong is looking at
the sizes you seem like really some
patch breakups also so make sense like I
think the fact that we've had very
sudden like patches some point some 2.15
makes it like the teams are still kind
of jarred by some of the changes so you
see teams that are usually at the top
might adopt differently to pick price
late to pick priorities like TSM for
example and so then we have like teams
that are you are bad at a lot of other
things suddenly understanding the patch
well and then so just like the creates
an environment for a lot of upsets but
then you have like this really long time
where everyone's at boot camp so I think
worlds might still be like fine and
exciting for flash wolves hey oh no I
was going to ask I mean like they came
into MSI with like this almost
ridiculous level of hype where it's like
a lot people with the best team outside
Korea they're going to have the place to
beat the Korean teams and like all that
stuff was like super hype is there any
level of that hype still remaining
heading into Worlds or
it's definitely a loss it's a little bit
better for them because there's some
more port metas that are assuming that
my card is getting ripped but um yeah so
I think the Sephora matters better so I
think it does look better for them and
they were kind of competitive zoraph
rivals and I think that the team
generally just like has a pretty good
feel so maybe those will adapt to the
patch well and they'll be doing pretty
well cuz they look like they were doing
really well until this week so I think
it's some bad and they didn't fly last
week because of that hurricane so that
was like kind of unfortunate so we
haven't really seen them on the new
patch yet so we'll see before I started
saying that they're just like terrible
all right next up this is my favorite
topic I think oh boy for a long time
European players have been fleeing their
region to counsel the golden land much
like many many many years ago Europeans
left the tyranny and terrible situation
in Europe to come to the new world and
now it's gotten so bad people but teams
are trying to counter an LCS for teams
40% including the top teams the most of
all love teams have tried to come to na
LCS we will inevitably reject these
imposters I know it but either way this
has happened well I'm actually kind of
curious well do you think so don't be
rejected well so hey God let me toss it
to Emily first cuz this was her topic I
don't know if she wants to rephrase hi
jacket so yeah I just wanted to hear
those are very interesting introductions
the topic I wanted to discuss it because
although I know that like Kelsey and I
did an entire video kind of breaking
down Europe as a whole and a lot of
people's opinions on it after this
happened and also the whole Europe is
boring change the format thing which we
also discuss on this show last week but
I did think it was really telling that
there were European schemes applying for
franchising in na especially since a few
of them said that they
I wouldn't necessarily consider it but
that like I don't know to me this came
off more as a statement to the EU LCS
being like to do something then
necessarily them applying specifically
for franchising but that could just be
like money misconstruing it but like in
terms of how this came out
it seems to me like it's more of that
than necessarily applying to have a spot
yeah
all right so Kelsey you were asking me
do I think I have two things here Kelsey
first off I think your question was do I
think that they'll get rejected yes I do
think they'll get rejected because one I
do not think that with the exception of
maybe g2 from a business standpoint any
of these teams will be as attractive as
the like crazy business folks that I'm
hearing rumors of applying to the NA LCS
right now and some of those I think have
already come out you know but there are
still like partnerships with like Miami
Heat Boston Bruins yeah I know but like
I know I know this place there are all
sorts of weird crazy rumors but at the
same time like fnatic has a lot of
longevity and yeah but you're paying
long everything like you're not you're
not it eSports longevity in general
though like they also have like a dota 2
team that is in like Southeast Asia I
don't think right gives a shit about
people so to two teams to be honest like
I just don't think that like that's sure
I think to some extent yes if you can
say if you are I don't know evil
geniuses and you say hey like we're a
North American organization we've had
success on these other things and then
you team up with like let's say it was
evil genius is going to msg yes I think
that whole package of we understand the
eSports space plus we have this business
stuff works out well I think that if you
are fanatic they probably don't care
about the fact that you have a
successful dota 2 team
and yes I know that those those teams
have relationships with existing sports
franchises I do not know how deep those
are and in some cases I've heard that
they are not that deep in terms of the
relationship and I just like so even
setting aside the fact that like you
don't want to start this trend of
pulling stuff out of Europe and bring it
to North America two sets of players I
think that you also don't want to I
don't think that the teams besides maybe
g2 are that impressive compared to some
of the partners that they'll be bill
that will come out here in the RFP
process I also just think that it's
obvious that you know if the EU LCS was
in a much better place or and especially
if the EU LCS was in a stronger place in
North America which I think most people
would say it's not the case from a
business standpoint you you might
consider one of these teams but I think
as it stands you just wouldn't do that
uh so I would love and I don't think
this is that likely but I would fucking
love it if they just let him one team
and you just get this ridiculous like
storyline of like the team that betrayed
EU all of Europe now hates this team
does na like them now I don't know like
a fanatic came over like you just let
him fanatic or g2 like the bad boys of
Europe whatever they were trying to be
for for half a split or whatever like I
feel like that would be so fun
narrative lis though absolutely abysmal
in terms of everything else yeah and
that's all of it
so I now go I was just going to say that
they're just like a lot of weird
situations in gear up right now so I'm
like not yeah I guess I'm more afraid
that they considerate then I think that
they actually would that make sense like
I'm actually more afraid
so that prompts me to react more
extremely to situation yeah I think if
you're afraid they want to it right is
very risk adverse so and I this would be
a very risky move so
don't think that they today will do it
we'll see and some of these teams like
obviously I think that the less
attractive ones have less roots in
Europe back clip any ownership and so I
don't know yeah that's part of it I
think that those orgs are like the less
attractive ones yeah like slicin and
dicin are the less attractive ones for
sure yeah
that's part of the problem of too is
like why there's this weird inverse
relationship for the teams that are most
attractive to North America are the
teams you definitely want to pull out of
Europe so I just feel like that also
should sit in the ground so I mean I
think it's funny I am set like as much
as I play the NH role in some ways am i
do think it is a sad thing for Europe
that like like I'd oh I would be really
sad if like CLG
TSM I I don't know about to us but it
like several the different teams applied
for EU and try to leave my region I
would just you know like that that that
story I also feel like right should I
said don't we are not going to accept
your applications because it is just
that story breaking um just as like a
kick in the ass to like the already
really depressed to European region it's
just cut do you feel really bad for
those guys right now all experts all
sorts of other rumors like the the one
LCS and rumors like that but I think I
don't know like if they would happen I
think it would be a step in the opposite
direction of what riot want yes which is
to say that this is going to be much
bigger and it's going to be longer so
and it's going to last a long time so we
want to make sure that like just like
kind of hacking a region seems kind of
like it would be countered to what
they'd want yes I'll see that I mean to
me if this mostly just feels kind of
like what was happening a year and a
half ago when any team orgs were all
getting a little kerfuffle with riot and
things were leaking somehow that's what
this reminds me of we're like yeah ye
orgs wished that they were getting
franchise because it's obviously much
better for them they're not so they put
up a little fight by applying and then
somehow leaking it you know that's
that's what this feels like to me more
than like a really serious attempt by
the
teams in a really serious consideration
by riot I'm opposed i doing one I just
did this okay okay
I do you think it's kind of like woken
up the EU broadcast and also the players
and like when I talk to the players even
they are aware that okay we're not
marketing ourselves well right and
everyone says we're boring there's
obviously something wrong because we're
not boring we just don't feel like
trash-talking they don't like the
community by gosh but then it's like
causing a bunch of other problems and we
don't stream and so I think that that's
like one positive thing is right so my
gums not of this will be said the
players and broadcast become more aware
of this kind of issue
I guess well yeah I do I'd actually do
like your point mark of like the four
teams apply and then leak it just so
that they can because it force riot to
come out and say like oh yeah we are
making changes that will be rev-share
friendly and all yeah exactly sure that
those four teams are not organized
enough I mean that's always fun but it
does feel kind of like the same thing
we're like you know na play like orgs
are all like man we're just not making
any money and it's suddenly a month
later rights like here's all these reps
sharing ideas that we've been working on
for so long you know feels kind of like
that situation yeah alright anything
else to talk about with you teams
applying for na LCS actually we should
just go around the horn I don't think
that any of these teams get in to any of
the other three of you it would be rich
and be sorted and the reason isn't even
it actually has nothing to do with a
strong application but it has to do with
the current inter-regional movement
policy in that I think it'd be weird in
a in an environment that's primarily
player driven as opposed to
organizationally driven in terms of
fandom to have to jump so much of your
roster in order to come to North America
like I feel like that's automatically
something that like European teams in
this
Asian process it's kind of stacked
against them if that makes any sense so
yeah it's like it it does raise other
questions about other things like if
this if they did accept them what they
revisit the because obviously like the
NA orgs have all been pushing for
changes to the region marking policy and
that discussion has been going on
separately is also sometimes suggested a
yes or no answer from you three Emily
Waller D of these teams make it in no
because of the reasons that healthy
reclaiming my time
Kelsey reclaiming my time have you
guessing that no I know
oh god I don't even follow politics how
have I seen this thing all right Kelsey
are any of these tubes gonna make it
into that nails yes aren't you afraid to
say anything well I'm scared
you're just you're you're just like the
EU players no personality because you
will take the risk to get yourself out
there all right you're just too afraid I
could be ready backlash all right I'm
gonna put you up for it not afraid of
the community backlash BAE I'm pitting
you down as a no mark yeah they're good
one of them was going to make it it no
good reason other than to be a boatload
of fun okay reckless and na and have
everyone hate him from around the world
okay will are Omar God is wait that is
the sentence does even make sense well
Omar God holding seal G back it was a
test Travis and you did not catch it
before yeah sure let's say it was a test
alright let's say let's go so it was
just you're trying to make him look dumb
for saying it word for word about
letting it to go home boy it's kind of
thing he didn't notice in that sense but
not like you he read these before he
start the show at all no so will Omar
God holds the LG back I think the thing
is right now we can say yes he has been
holding them back but moving forward how
big will probably be because especially
with that TSM series this week where
they got to ode game one was kind of
like I mean they kind of got smashed
with similar team comps hard to
extrapolate too much but in Game two
span was kind of put in a weird position
and was able to get out
better than I think a lot of people
thought he should have based off how he
had to go bottom like level two and kind
of cheese that gank out and Omar didn't
super punish him hard and I did not have
a great game afterwards in terms like
finding great engages or getting
Ultimates onto key targets it was pretty
much entirely on a frozen gauges so with
all that in consideration do you think
that moving forward into the playoffs
and most likely eventually gauntlet run
will Omar God potentially be the big
factor and why they if it happens Fela
make worlds as we know Mark Zimmer and
it's not only the foremost bio frost and
TSM haters but he is also the foremost
darn akhator so I think an answer is
probably no whoa this is my prediction I
was going to outcome a stroke before I
said anything I think it's an
interesting question especially since
the LG very publicly and visibly made
them to not to like start Omar over dar
doc and so in that way like in terms of
holding CLG back they the team obviously
felt that that was not the case and I
guess going to a lot of it's going to
depend on their prep week obviously like
it's really going to come down to how
much can they do in two weeks because
very very visibly he's still not fully
integrated with the team in terms of
champion pool there's item I'm not even
calling him out and saying he has a
super small champion pool what I'm
saying is the only champion he's been
successful on with this team has really
been Gragas so obviously they need to
find something else that works for the
team especially since it kind of means
that they can't select strongest top if
they want which is pretty I'm not going
to say it's huge but it's a tool that
they I think they would like to have in
their arsenal for sure um so I think I
mean
it's really going to depend on how much
they get done but I think if they have a
very very difficult task ahead of them
and they only have what two weeks to
find a solution I'm going to go and save
the life instead of comparing CLG with
Omar to CLG with Startalk I'd rather
compare CLG with Omar with field
adjustment too because I feel like we
knew the CLG was going to have to make a
change eventually so if that in mind do
we think that they'd be better off
retaining smithii in terms of getting a
shot at Worlds and I don't necessarily
think that they would because I feel
like that team just had lost motivation
in some regards or they were just like
kind of disconnecting in terms of the
unit that made them really strong before
and their officer change to dar dark
probably just made the players feel like
they were moving in a direction so just
a roster change in general was necessary
so if that's the case like what were
their alternatives going to be and you
can look at Mike Young but I don't even
think Mike Young would have been a good
option because Mike Young has this like
very weird mindset about how you're
supposed to play the game and in what
direction those two play the game and he
wants to have a big role in comes and I
don't know if that would work really
well for CLG it obviously has a lot of
risks that I brought up before when
we've talked about p1 and p1 are not
doing well so I think that probably
that's not like necessarily good
alternative and I don't know I don't
feel like he's really holding CLG back I
just feel like they decided - I actually
think maybe they would have had a better
chance with Doc so but I think that they
decided to invest in something that
might give them better success in the
long run even if they don't make world
rather than a dart arc which they felt
like had no long-term futures so I think
in that regard no she's not holding them
back uh here's my take I think I agree
like the whole Smith u thing it's a
little weird to compare them because I
think they just stagnated as a team like
you said and I don't think smithy has
the
godlike summer season if he stays on CLG
he probably had this whole trait thing
happened it was kind of like okay I
gotta fucking prove myself and like had
a mentality shift as well as the whole
team so I think you know it is a
situation where the change was good for
both CLG and smithy but CLG was
contesting for number one for a long
period of time over the course this
split and obviously TSM improved and
yadda yadda yadda but I do feel like the
one position that their weekend is
really jungle and I think that does stop
them from like making finals and winning
finals they might look at the world
through the gauntlet but I do think that
it's he's a little bit too much of a
liability to probably win the get
through the playoffs yeah I don't know I
feel like you just keep Dar doc and then
you just do you pull the h2k where you
just quarantine him like they did was
forgiven last year he shows up you guys
win some games on stage and then you
know he goes off and does a thing calls
out European teams or something for
having girlfriends surround at 4:00 in
the morning or whatever it was that
forgive and did two North American LS
yeah we should yeah I think like is this
the narrative you're going with then we
need to have then they should have kept
our talk like just kind of hanging out
instead of wanting them go to liquid so
that they could play the rest of the
season until playoffs it's Omar God and
they don't put star talkin you know
because then like you need some
breathing room from dar doc right just
like give it some space and then put
them but then but then just Omar God
have the confidence because there's so
I'm behind him who might take his
position if you plays that in playoffs
that's the question
o see just multiple layers so many
reasons to kept to keep dar Doc around
on CLG mark yeah Mark's next topic is in
all capitals and it just says damage
rating with the next generation mark so
I'm excited to find out what this is we
can go anywhere we want with this topic
because obviously it's so broad but this
week riot released a stat that they call
damage rating and it tries to do away
with some of the biases that current
PM has so problem current DPM heavily
influenced by game time heavily
influenced my champion you're playing
Pope have super inflated damage numbers
as well as like something like an R was
just wails away on a tank has super high
damage numbers there's like all these
different things that inflate these kind
of numbers so this stat damage rating
was attempting to do away with those by
taking into account what champions
you're playing if it's in a win or a
loss I think they try to take into
account game time and then they also
have this other thing that they take
into account which is how often you were
near enemy champions aka like you know
if you're near someone frequently you'll
probably be hitting them more which
makes sense but the problem was unless I
missed it and they did it recently I
don't think they ever released how they
actually calculate damage rating and so
yes what happens is nope like I trust
riots that seem to put out a good staff
but like I can't argue with or against
the stat if I don't understand its
biases because every number in league
will always still have biases so I don't
know how you guys felt about it but I
like the idea of trying to push advanced
metrics but I don't know why they would
not tell me what the metric is so I can
then work with it
yeah I mean that's not a okay a no-go I
mean they also said around the world and
I'm assuming it doesn't include lql
numbers but I'm like if you're including
LMS numbers that has like a similar high
like level of confrontation and stuff
like this like this this excuse q the
stat and side or no it's just like a
really we really don't know the stuff
that goes into it at all so that's like
the really worrying thing also I mean
there have been advanced metrics that
riots have released and been really
proud of and I don't necessarily think
their interpretation of them even on
broadcast has been like super good like
was that's another okay so like the
example I was about to bring up is just
the jungle proximity I think a lot of
times because you don't have a time to
explain what jungle proximity is every
time and the nuances of jungle proximity
a lot of casters like I'm throwing them
up on here will just say like hi jungle
proximity equals good and I'm afraid
that's what's going to happen with this
damage rating thing you know so I'm kind
of afraid of that being a thing as well
because when you introduce like these
more complicated metrics and then you
want to boil them down to a casual
audience so you don't have to explain
them every time they come up it ends up
being like super shorthand and no one
really understands like why it's good
specifically or in situations where
could be bad or yeah so someone in chat
said they mentioned in the article later
the biases in in the like the the the
number or like the the calculation but
they don't show you the calculation so
if I'm trying to say like let's take
Jensen for an example because this is
the kind of guy who got blown up in a
thread a little bit afterwards because
the damage rating wasn't that good his
DPM numbers aren't that good all these
other things and when you look at his
DPM numbers he played 16 games of
Orianna and oreonna worldwide DPM Weis
is not a top-10 midlane champion it is
number 11 or 12 out of like 17 champions
with 10x 10 more 10 or more games late I
start doing this research either way
what I'm saying is Jensen's main
champion that he carries on it's not a
high damage champion generally speaking
so when you compare it to froggen who
has really good CPM numbers who played
13 games with Corki yeah yeah his
numbers are lower and generally speaking
of high DPM numbers he was playing
Orianna by far the most so that's great
I can argue with DPM but when I start
trying to make this argument now with
with that damage rating I have no
fucking idea what his proximity to his
teammates there are two enemies are like
if that number is super high and then I
can start saying well the reason is his
ratings low is because this variable of
this equation is inflated because he
stays mid the whole time because he's
playing Orianna it never goes into a
side lane and then it makes sense but I
don't know these things because it's not
public yeah I mean I think with so with
any kind of advanced metric I feel like
you have to serve two audiences and one
is the casual audience which is kind of
like what the broadcast is going for
right but then the other are the more
analytically minded people and in League
of Legends there are a lot of those
people on and those are the people who
are going to want to know like what is
the algorithm for this or even can you
explain how
all of these numbers like we're
gathering to reach the conclusion um and
that is really frustrating for someone
like me like Ashley loves these kind of
statistics but then it's also really
frustrating because with any statistics
they require context like for me when
you're using statistics at any point in
time whether it's something super simple
to understand or something really
complex like if you want to get into
complex sabermetrics for league of
legends at some point of which it'd be
really difficult because there are so
many variables in the game as is but
anyway like you really want to provide a
lot of context so for example mark
provided context by things with GPM you
have to take into account like champion
choice with something I always do when
trying to talk about kill participation
especially in some of my jungle jungler
articles is to take into account like
the average kill participation for that
team specifically because sometimes
especially combined with the I test
which is the more important part it can
tell you how much it's team actually
team fights or if they prefer split
pushing or if they prefer like smaller
skirmishes that are like to be one or
3v2 or whatever um I think that
everything needs context and so the
frustrating thing for me was just seeing
a lot of people jump out and try to
discuss this especially with Jensen I'm
assuming mark you're probably going to
do some sort of a video on this for your
reddit thing but like because it seems
like a very you topic but like notice
that was a frustrating thing when
talking about Jensen because it's like a
lot of people were just citing the
statistics providing no context and
using it to the port their argument that
this is why they think Jensen sucks or
whatever and that's super frustrating to
see that kind of discussion going on not
even because of the conclusion even
though I actually should be a friend say
I disagree with that conclusion but um
not because we can
but just because the manner in which is
being discussed in the manner in which
these statistics are being used so I
think whenever a riot releases a
statistic what I'd like to see is just a
general like better contextual
discussion and I know that's really
difficult in marketing to the casual
audience on broadcast so yes I think
where I am I guess I think it's fine for
like riot to kind of not be the one to
do all the interpretation right like
they don't need to go through the list
of all the players and their damage
ratings and say like here's where
potential biases are but when a fan can
take this stat and say something like
Jensen is overrated because damage
numbers are low or whatever is damage
ratings low
I can't even combat that because I don't
know how this works and that's the
problem for me I was going to say like
how would mark and society even do a big
blame game here because it's like kind
of hard to argue without that before
contacts the other I mean it just feels
weird that riot like how this we need to
hide some of these like technical things
in general even in champion releases
like the the champion designer for Kane
was weird about releasing the number of
orbs it takes to transform it's like why
and I don't understand what mark nothing
nothing I cannot comment just this
there's even more weird stuff about that
champion yeah great
well I it's interesting I have never
really had too much of an issue with the
design team but lately I have been more
and more frustrated just because I've
been hearing from teams that are
frustrated with the amount of changes
that come out and they've been told like
there's not going to be a big patch
change or big patch changes around
playoffs and then there are and then
they start hotfix anymore which messes
with a lot of players because they might
be practicing something and then it's
and like it's hot fixed and then you
know this is kind of aggravating hearing
that there's even well okay I have a
very big fan of transparency and all
things eSports related in it's
frustrating whenever there's not so much
transparency alrighty wait let
us move on all right to the hottest
stripes conflict whatever you want to
call it in the legal legends eSports
right now last week on this show Mark
Zimmerman continued a conversation he'd
previously had I think it was on the
broadcast right or on one of your shows
glt I think you had said yeah mention it
where he said that by Oprah's does not
have the chant pool or he's concerned he
doesn't has a chant pool that he wishes
he did I cut this out and posted it
separately on YouTube and everyone's
like what is Mark think he's talking
about look at all these champions he's
played how dare he do this you should
have caught the part where he said he
hoped TSM bombs oh and just out of it
yeah maybe later and then this week as I
was walking to bio frost over from the
fan interaction area to the place where
I was interviewing he's like hey Chavez
you know that thing that you had on your
show where Mark said that thing I was
like yeah he's like everyone linked that
to me this week and I was like I was
like okay I will ask you about it and so
then I asked about it and he was super
polite it was like I could totally see
where he's coming from and saying that
I'm shit like it's it's a perfectly
reasonable thing for him to think even
though I think you don't like maybe in
these situations I'm not or you know
whatever but like it's cool you know
like everybody has their pity that mark
has his it like hi it's completely fine
and then uh yeah now
now mark is back under fire again well
you and by the way if you want if you
want you know personally if you want to
see the interview it's up on my youtube
channel as opposed to there it's also on
the second page of Reddit I think if you
prefer to discover stuff there so
alright so right as the kind of diatribe
as that was Travis it's not really the
topic so I mean obviously I was I'm not
going to go over my argument again I
wasn't saying bio Frost can't play these
champions tsm's not picking them and
then I don't care what you pull up from
four weeks ago I'm talking about right
now anyways that was the whole thing bio
Frost defended himself great I love that
but I just wish he had more fire when he
did it like I know he's Canadian I know
he's a nice boy
so I'm not saying necessarily that like
you need to come out and say I'm an
idiot
but I wish she was like I wish he just
said I was wrong you know I wish because
I'm not I only want to back and forth
it's always favorites to content creator
when you have a back and forth the pro
player doesn't have their own platform
necessarily not really I mean I don't
think that's accurate
you don't think so I think it's
definitely pivotal players because the
fans like the player I was going to say
just man things advanced like the
players more but it's like let's say bio
frosted I was wrong and then I put out
another video saying I think he's wrong
oh yeah your job to create this
consequence and shut the fire up and
practice and my job is to talk about it
at some point it does circle back around
just favor the content or maybe out
maybe you guys would have a different
opinion because you guys have been into
doing this long and in me technically so
I'm sure you guys might have a different
experience but for me when I was in the
team environment and like si was going
around and si would make fun of our
players if you shot back at them
eventually the fans are like you
shouldn't even be listening
ya know that's the perfect example
because yeah Thorin it's like 10 8 or so
something super persistent about another
content created right like you put out
your piece of content and they say no
you're wrong friends are like huh yeah
yeah understandable they will agree but
it just created like a weird
back-and-forth but I just wish like I
wish one they responded to criticism on
a more individual level and like I feel
like that would create a lot more hype
around the discussions then like there's
been some chirping about your champion
pool blah blah blah like I'm glad Travis
was specific and said Mark said this or
you know Emily said this or care like
Kelsey said this you know like I would
prefer if that was that and then the
players and I understand Maya frost
isn't the guy but like if let's say with
a criticism at doublelift
or a more outspoken player that they're
just like I think they're full of shit
like I would love that
I don't know how you guys feel but
personally I'm not like a like afraid of
a back-and-forth with a pro player or an
argument like and I would I would prefer
to see that than like what happens right
now like you said in Europe and a little
bit North America we're like I can see
where they're coming from and there's
some truth in it but it's not really
that way and here's why
Kelsey
she's afraid to even say vu teams are
going to get in North America of course
she's afraid of going head-to-head with
these players yes I'm terrified of I
mean it's pretty good because sometimes
it's like I will be interviewing the
players what I know has read something
where I criticized underneath like well
some people will say this yeah I think
they're wrong
it's very pointed but um so I think it's
it's a little bit interesting I I mean I
don't mind the dialogue I can see why
there are reasons not to have the
dialogue on both the content creation
and the per player side I think
especially like someone like me I mean
the welding green thing yeah there's
definitely certain like amount of
gravitas to being interesting and I
think for the pro player yeah if you're
going to end at the content creator
continues to like push the dialog it
just seems like they're being like
nitpicky and sore loser and everything
so I think so there's like two sides to
that I I think it would be cool if we
had more of it because if we did have
more of it then it wouldn't be I don't
think there would be as much like of a
stigma and it wouldn't be as a media fan
reaction like signing one way or the
other just because of the content
creator said or the pro player said and
then you could have a lot more of these
like types of discussions but I think
would ultimately benefit this scene more
but again it would be a huge time thing
it's another type of content and then
teams aren't necessarily sure like what
types of content they want to invest in
or what types of content they want to do
so I understand why it's not something
that they're focusing on right now I've
said that nobody ever came out with the
caster tier list because a couple
different peoples are they were reggie
tweeted it I can't wait for this shit
didn't happen yeah yeah Emily um do you
want to go to war with pro flares not
really but like um mortgage I mean it's
a little
weird - yeah but cool because like I
don't know if force is very much its own
thing right so coming from a more
traditional sports background where
there's like a more clear separation I
guess between content creators and media
and the athletes themselves and just a
lot more developed infrastructure I
think one thing that's actually really
cool about League of Legends eSports and
being in league of legends eSports is
that you can be so close to the players
so in that regard I I really like the
idea of having having kind of like a
funny back and forth like calling each
other out kind of thing and getting
people riled up I think the only thing
is like I hope both sides on the
audience know that just because I don't
know like I'm really bad at dealing with
a lot of like personal attacks like I'll
be super upfront about that I really
handle it poorly the person that hates
me the most is myself so in that way
like a lot of a lot of what people say
it's never going to get to the level of
like what I think of myself but it's
still really exhausting for me to deal
with mentally so in that regard I would
just want to make sure that people would
know that it was an open dialogue and
not me personally attacking a player
because I don't want to make an extra
effort to invite even more personal
attacks than I already kind of receive
or without me running like I would have
these conversations with Emily about my
criticism she would have teams and I
would say you know you should publish
that and then so like she started
working on things where she wanted to
criticize take her for a specific thing
he doesn't games I was like you should
all that things faker does and she
chickened out she called it things as
Katie does and this is like the perfect
Emily content problem right there yeah I
think I think it can be weird being as
close as it is and you sports actually I
saw myself asleep wrong
I was at you know a house party that's
Carra through and a handful of pro
players showed up and I was like I
railed on you guys
yes I'm glt have you seen that you don't
watch the content work which is fine
like I don't care it's more like when
people say stuff on the broadcast that's
I think the bigger problem yeah but I
mean the glt thing or the thing you're
talking bout with bio frost wasn't no I
know I know it was I'm just saying like
I think it deploys I don't think ensue
much of this content unless it's there
in the headline and I I think that the
only exception is obviously the
broadcast because people will see it or
it's so high-profile that people will
hear about it or whatever yeah I mean
either way it's like this kind of stuff
although I did love it look too close I
did love it when you guys rated all the
different pro players and that scarce we
did the thing that was like say
something mean to me or whatever and
Keith just replied with you rated me as
the worst player the NA cs6 something
asked our heads gosh like Alice actually
did get to me I mean we did that to just
push the envelope because like this is
when all the t lists are coming out
let's go next level and like literally
sign and you know it was almost like a
parody yes I know
yeah that was good though so to sum it
all up
you are so first you were you were
disappointed and bio frost shampoo and
then he politely addressed it and
disagrees and now you're disappointed
you are just like I was trying to fight
this guy's as possible I can't wait to
cut this clip out and put it on YouTube
because it's going to be so great I was
gonna be like Marcus now a champion and
now we understand the real reason why
Mark Zimmerman cage TSM is that he just
wants the abuse yes you can really just
community about McCann yeah that's what
we discovered about my alright moving on
this is the final week of EU LCS they've
decided to call it quits after all
fighting out that their teams they're
all traded come to North America and
it's it's done so Chelsea
q are you are you headed back go to of
aircraft at the final week or out what's
happening no I mean and I'm excited
these I think there's some like actual
hype games
I put out an interview where like I was
glad that perks did a lot of trash talk
actually and so that was it was kind of
fun but it's like g2 and fnatic is the
series but a lot of people are looking
forward to within a group a and then
groupies hg k vs u n-- of course well so
i think it would be really fun I thought
it would be fun to highlight them
they're cool matchups and cool
storylines both of them obviously like
the major kings of Europe storyline a
thematic and g2 and there's a lot of I
think perks meant like two ways where he
really big DUP so us and then like he
brought reckless done which I thought
was was really cool and kind of fun and
different and then of course like the
rookies kind of alignment additions and
it's fnatic have just come off of like a
bad week with rock at g2 are on the rise
who playing actually g2 is the better
team now and fanatics and and editing
the entire seasons I think the better :
issue gay versus the unicorns of love
you've got like the to kind of start top
laners photo on them visit on shakes and
physicaiiy has been having like a
terrible season after getting MVP loss
list so there's there's a lot of there's
a lot of cool stuff like unicorns are
playing like just played this weird
early game comp and then which is
something they never do in h2k are have
been practicing team fighting a lot so
the question is like is the old merit is
still true so there's a lot of a lot of
cool stuff in the last week and also
just so even though like there is a lot
of fight proceeding which is the big
thing that people complain about I think
the games themselves and the storylines
within the games are really cool very
good
anybody have anything to add to that or
are we just gonna well I was here going
to ask a advertisement check okay ask if
you had to put so on to like win the
whole split
in the playoffs - it'd be like who's
like the team that you think is the
favorite I'm going to actually do think
opt - just because I think they
understand things will look better like
you can't give up waves made there are a
lot of teams that just don't do that
and yeah the I mean fnatic I think their
big thing is that they still have issues
with not predicting like side trades
unless they initiate them themselves or
not predicting reactions to side trends
that they initiate themselves but
reacting well to the enemies it's really
okay this is like openly convoluted but
I think somatic have a lot of issues so
yeah but I'm there 131 setups like they
focus too much on trying to pinch
sidelines instead of and they don't like
really protect their mid flank and
that's been an issue for a really really
long time so even though everyone's like
yeah phonetic are better they're playing
they're playing sideline ad carry's
anymore that was never the problem the
problem was is that when they set up for
these sideline ad carries it was like
because they didn't know how to play
correctly you know so so sorry twitch
that distract me are you saying fanatics
who win no should you okay and who's
facing them in the finals I mean well
the cool thing is is that fnatic will
finish problem most likely with the high
seed unless they lose to ninjas in
pyjamas so a lot of people were making
like the blue shell joke because racket
is the one team that kind of has taking
it off phonetic before and that series
was like painfully close this past week
so people are making the blue shell joke
since record like not very good but they
have like and I key would be the
ultimate blue show because they want
fewer games than if you're serious and
so you think fnatic well I think fnatic
finish first in their group and g2 will
probably take out whoever they face from
the other group or whoever they say is
first of all and the quarter-final and
then they'll probably also in the
semi-final and like purchase predicting
a g2 fnatic final I mean there are some
people
so that htk is automatic I kind of see
the argument there a little bit but I
think if you really have to have a
difficult time is d2h to get final it
the way that the groups will be stacked
up so you think fnatic ending a 2g - I
know but I'm saying who's going to play
against them in the finals yeah okay
yes fnatic yeah okay so stew tubers
fnatic of the finals yeah okay
a lot of blue shell talk really not oh
I'm Curtis I know you talk is like your
favorite thing what time do I just like
ya need the answer you know all right
all right and then we are pairing up the
final yet though is my point
yeah but it's fun to make predictions
how does LPL have good teams kelsey this
is a question we've all been asking
ourselves
I interviewed Reginald yesterday that
interview will be going out sometime
next week or so and he said he's not
concerned about China or at least not
nearly as much as he is about Korea so
yeah I noticed that the old consumes
that for free I feel like that's the
reddit title that you thought I was like
I'm not nearly as concerned about China
as I am about Korea well no fuck you
kidding but yeah I think that the
surprising thing is that I felt like all
split we've had w/e maybe EDG but then
suddenly there are teams making a last
surge either based on patch or the fact
that they're doing stuff and so there
are a GIS Bank yeah I mean 20 CIT back
there have been some more like Chinese
ad carry it's just kind of like slipping
in their eg no longer has bet lately i
boy there were like eight twelve by the
way allegedly they've had actually in
their organizations who he was 14 so he
just wasn't allowed to play but has any
ill knowledge porch and he apparently
just turned 17 like the past couple
weeks but so that's that's a whole
different kind of thing but so my
question kind of is
like and some of these rosters man like
jingdong I wouldn't say jingdong are
good team but they announced their
roster at the beginning of the years
with lokan she and dine beam you guys
none of these names probably mattered to
you but the point is is that like they
announced these rosters and a bunch of
other subs and everyone automatically
said ok the best roster is going to be
the one with like a B GE joining B Logan
and the I mean they played so many
support players they don't have the same
score players anymore but it's like
finally they're playing okay and that's
the recipe they're starting with and
you're just wondering why it take you
this long and that happens in LPL all
the time so for me it's kind of like why
is it like there's the sudden surge at
the end of split and I don't think it's
sandbagging is it just like orbs are
this incompetent or have they just been
like we're going to give our players a
run you know like I know you guys
probably don't have better answer than I
do but just like thought processes I
don't know why is why are we suddenly
seeing at the very end
teams surge up isn't it because all the
teams everywhere look weird because of
the patches I mean yeah they look I mean
that's where learning with it it's it's
not just that because you would think
that IG and orange e are actually
playing like very counter to the patch
they're playing because we talked about
this a little bit last time they're
playing these very like heavy all-in
super early 1-3-1 style stuff awesome
Rumble Kane or IG and so I don't know
it's it's interesting I think that IG
since they got their roster for the
summer and have always looked like a
team that could get it together so maybe
it really is just like they finally
clicked and that would make sense but
some of the other ones like newbie has
been a team that has had I don't know
like they must have fielded 20 players
this year like they people think TL is
ridiculous like have you looked at new
beautifulest
I don't know
and then they're finally filled or
Austria that is making it in and then
Dan everyone has been asking like why
did Dan run these random five subs for
the entire cross comment section and
they're back to running like what
they're starting roster I don't even
understand like the sub stuff that's
going on and OPL it's really weird but
suddenly we have like EDG w e and IG in
group a and then we have and I mean W
Eastham losing a lot but it could just
be a patch thing as well and then in
Group B we have oMG RG and newbie look
decent so the question is kind of like
do we think that there's I mean what
could be some of the reasons that teams
are kind of doing this and it's just
coincidentally there's competition that
sabahi weeks but patches reset
everything and then all the teams are
trying to figure it out so it makes
everybody bad for a while and then it
gives everybody a good chance of winning
apparently also means everyone signed
the rosters that people knew would be
good yeah I roster
made people people knew would be good
dirty exactly I still refuse to believe
in I just I mean yeah I don't believe in
the long term girls but I think there
were really fun team anyway like Ricky
and his rookies yeah yeah John so women
DG was it act like did they actually
come out and say like it was because he
was underage because the Zetas really
annoyed me like the fact that EDG kept
winning was that it II carry it was
actually like they were tagging her
about does that thing at all and I think
part of it was that they were worried
that I would flopped and then they'd
still have that and it wouldn't seem
like they just had that because they
were waiting for I boy if they were
transparent about it and and then you
can get away with a lot more stuff like
Don ochio so I think that that's
probably why they didn't explicitly say
that that was just kind of there until
like why was the vege but then the
question is like do we get mad at them
like people got mad at TSM for getting
wild turtles but of a really high baby
Carrie to substitute for double lists
and
they still made it pretty far so like
and that isn't even an ad carry really I
mean I guess now he is because you
played more competitive games as an ADC
of them he ever did this and that I also
think this is like a terrible metaphor
player like I boy to come up you know
because it's like art and sensor and he
could just flash at people with Kozma
she has okay all the religions anything
else on this topic
no okay I've added a topic at the end
here promotion/relegation which is
happening this weekend in North America
I'm going to dump this topic down so
that we can get through quickly and
really so we can address the only thing
people will really care about which is
well p1 our team likely get relegated I
mean does it matter
yes I think it does why do you think it
I guess my question I'd want to fit back
to you would you like do you actually
think it matters within the context of
Fringe yes I know the question what you
mean
I think p1 will I think there's no way
they get in if they get relegated I
don't think their chances of being
around next year are incredibly high I
think they have a decent chance but I
think that's not incredibly high but I
think if they get relegated they just
don't like because of I don't know right
I think right will stick their neck out
there for teamliquid maybe if they get
relegated because you know that I feel
well you know it's going to feel I feel
like Taylor in Viana yeah maybe but it's
been a pretty big shit show I kind of
wish they weren't yeah and I know like I
understand their legacy org but this
year has been really sad display of
incompetence general so everybody has
sure wasn't Nicki's first game is first
like big play you wrote down yeah Rosie
it's down to bottling splotches under
turret and does as like aa perfect even
though I'm like actually rooting for him
to do well it was just like such a
Mickey thing to do Luna memo bleed tuna
says is what Mark said on GTL true like
two teams have to pay more if they
they were relegated out and they get
picked for franchising yes in fact I
doubt that any of the teams that come in
through the promotion tournament if any
do will stick around for next year
but they will get a three million dollar
payout from whoever takes their spot so
yeah that they have to pay three million
to take something else a spot I mean was
it with us we talked about with GCU we
were saying maybe would would make it if
they'd knocked out p1 may I just god I
keep hearing more and more Rubio dog
more like NBA teams applying and but you
know big stuff happening so I just feel
like it's a billion of them yeah I don't
know I mean part of the reason why Utley
and it was the e rumors even then it's
like I would rather have every other day
okay to fnatic in GPU you know like okay
cool
so anyway I think yes I do think if p1
gets relegated that it kills their
chances I think if TL and let's say
announced some big new partnership which
they might end the next couple weeks who
knows and I think with TL they it
doesn't matter but it kind of does right
because it's literally like I mean
that'll be a scar on they had to buy
their way back into the LCS after
getting relegated like that's how you
end the first half of what the LCS was
or the first phase of what the LCS was
like I do think it matters I mean I
think it matters in that sense that it
tarnishes organ people I hate them enjoy
shock but it's not like right it's not
going to take them because of that I
think yeah but back to my question yes
to either of these good teams get
relegated I think p1 & TL are equally
like kind of bad right now
I think some of this yesterday but it
feels like p1 just really doesn't care
like on the player level like they just
all want to get the fuck out of there
whereas KL at least like you saw the
living during their organs like if it
was laughing even though he's playing
the and you're kind of like why the hell
are you doing that the whole team kind
of was playing with smiles at different
points in the game whereas p1 like looks
depressed everyone just wants out feels
like that's that I do think he ones like
a better team so I think they're kind of
equal and I think GCU
actually as a decent chance they were
really close last time I think there may
be a little bit better now I think the
teams are also worse now because
doublelift is not on PL and you don't
have like a lira - just like smash a
couple games and like winning the game
five so I think yeah - best of fives
versus those teams I think they win one
and probably get out both of them do
know I said
GCU takes one out okay Oh GC yeah I
don't think United on it I so then you
should you will probably use if you say
think that they are evenly matched in
terms of skill but you think that p1
doesn't give a shit as much anymore
their players just want to get out I was
I was I didn't say they're even in skill
I said that like I feel like they're
there overall even because p1 is a
better team but they're depressed else
yeah yeah so I think they're about even
and GC will take one out okay which one
I would probably bet more on p1 p1
getting kicked oh we're taking out all
right and I'm just a bet Emily um I mean
they're all coin flips to me like it's
really hard to predict this is gold coin
flip yeah oh those are humorous really
what carries the show no no fun episode
I don't even know which team I'd like
rather when in terms of because like I
don't I I agree with Martin in that like
in the booth the p1 players just look
really sad where it's like PL we're just
like laughing joking like even in calm
when they were dice they're kind of
giggling at each other like I don't know
there's something there's something
about me that like I don't appreciate
the mess that has been TL but I
appreciate that at this point the
players just seem to be like we're going
to embrace it and we're just going to
have fun playing together and if that's
like if you have like two teams like
that
then I'd rather that team win just
because like I don't know we're runnin
arms again but it like to me it's like
making predictions on something like
this is pretty ridiculous
just because none of these teams are
like neither of these two teams are
consistent
they both do really dumb things in game
just like I don't even know what to say
about either team right now to be honest
because they're both just playing like
so poorly Chelsea
any thoughts and I guess I part of me
kind of would rather root for the team
that looks like really upset because I
feel like that that team might like care
a little bit more in the moment also I
feel like p1 had a better year of role
so I I guess it's kind of like not
really relevant but it's kind of a
similar situation to me though we're
like p1 fucked around with their roster
a lot to wear is like you know TL was
sucking and they're like oh shit we
gotta do stuff and P ones like things
are kind of working out and they're just
messing with their roster non-stop and
now oh they suck goo which is a little
bit weird to me yeah yeah I could - all
right
that wraps up our coverage of the
promotion/relegation match this weekend
next up we have questions but first - a
shot by the way get the questions going
first we have Emily Rance anime pic of
the week yes um so I was talking to
Xander at LCS and I realized that I
really don't like a lot of like romantic
comedy anime because I usually get bored
but there is one that I do like and it's
going to be the one I recommend this
week you can watch on crunchyroll and
it's called Toradora
it's kind of an older show but I think
the characters are really fun and it's
just it's a really fun show it's really
well done in the anime I think I didn't
get bored even though I am NOT a
romantic comedy fan actually the
animation isn't really
anything to write home about how does a
couple cuts so they're interesting but
it's generally just like consistently at
a good level I guess what is the premise
the premise is that these it's a very
like tried and true I guess romantic
comedy premise so but it's the
characters backstories and the way that
a high school make it yeah they're in
high school um and there's like the kid
that looks like a delinquent so
everybody's terrified of him even though
he's like actually very domestic and get
it like cooking and cleaning kind of
take care of his mom um and then there's
a girl who's kind of been like she's
tiny and her entire apartments a pigsty
and her dad's rich and Italy set aside
apartment for her and she's like cute
but brickles everyone calls her like sub
palmtop tiger because she's outwardly
very like me and it's a defense
mechanism and it just uses a lot of like
stereotypical anime trope but makes you
actually care about the characters so it
works for me like a lot of it uses a lot
of cliches but because the
characterization is good it ends up
being really good show nice well they're
going again the name is for idara
Toradora there you go that's Emily rands
anime pick of the week going into
questions the first question we have I
love it
punks and says what is Mark is he going
to do more content tell how many as lazy
as fuck uh YouTube channels off line TV
and doing a lot on that I do this show I
was casting NACS I did the LCS I didn't
realize that made me lazy my bed and
there you go I will I shall I'll be
honest yeah I should put something out
on my YouTube every week so to be fair
yes I have not been doing what I should
this week kind of putting in today I'll
probably be doing not a blame game
judges because I'm sitting on that for a
little while but I'll probably put out a
video just about like kDa players for
safe playing your damage rating rants
it'll get lumped in there as well I'm
probably spoiler going to vote Jensen
MVP and this is kind of like a pre
defense
just settin it up bearish drink decaf
asks for Kelsey why is Dillon Falco the
greatest coach of all time and is a
genius at adapting to meta changes very
strict iike very decaf that's the solid
name uh I mean Dylan tacos is
interesting I mean I've done a lot of
interviews with fanatic players and
Dylan himself asking about it and I mean
it seems like a lot of the strategic
stuffs is still driven by jezus genic
sin and so I think that does yeah it's a
good answer yeah all right real
deference is will mark see finally I
heard the black curtain he uses as a
backdrop no 77 hockey says at Kelsey why
does IG not know what tanks are and how
do they still win without them I think I
play a lot of stuff that's pretty
interesting and they're like that at
closing through planes it's really weird
to me expense like zero concept wave
management but I think it's just like
they're really good at snowballing top
like the fact that they can consistently
dive like past second turret at 11
minutes or something just says that they
have really good coordination between
the top and jungle right now um they're
really good at playing these junglers
that countered jungle Pink's well and
then they pick strong mid lane and
rookies really really good mid laner and
so they get away with that kind of thing
pretty easily so I think that that's
good and I also think that their ability
to identify like which objectives to
contest and their timing of their
itemization is actually really good I
mean of course they're like a mess but
they're always a mess so they'll feel in
general a mess but I think it's it's
refreshing to see that kind of approach
work in the LPL partly
cuz it is so messy if you know what I
mean because usually if it's super messy
then like the more likely the AR am kind
of stuff work so it's it's nice to see
that all right bear strength eCampus
question for Emily it is Africa beats
SKT if blank or Africa um I mean Africa
in my opinion has actually a pretty
decent shot of beating skp if only
because it is a best Clarie and not a
best of five and I think that does take
away a little bit one of sqt strengths
which is adapting over a bustah five so
if I best if we wouldn't be enough for
them to adapt I actually do you think
they would adjust over that bus device
and end up beating Africa so I think
that is actually something that's in
Africa's favor because Africa are really
great at coming up with like one one or
maybe two strategies to be a team that
they're like really good at right so
like that was their mo for most of this
year and so like a little bit later on
in the season was that they'd prepare
really well in one game and they was
like perfect game people and then they
lose the next two games and they did
this against a few of the top teams and
I think that if they can figure out how
to win that second game the fact that
it's the best if there is actually in
their failure I think they'll be a
little bit more prepared I actually
think they they rely on Kuro a lot but
he's had a pretty strong season not he
doesn't really stand out at all because
it's Kuro but way but like the way the
team kind of flexes around him is really
interesting the way they use their five
lanes and so while their side lane is
really interesting so Iram
get like the most seventy points the
slip you kind of speeding again Oh tired
okay but I mean like it's weird because
very few people know that yeah yeah I
mean like he's not flashy player I guess
yeah yeah I wasn't saying like they eyes
been like oh no I thought I heard yeah
wait what
yeah like probably there's one split
with the Tigers or I'd say he he's had a
career
evolve Jake asks when will the franchise
teams be announced November I believe is
that confirmed
yeah they've had it in the yeah I like
that as a permanent partnership all you
sports can you imagine the other time is
like CLD is something goes to worlds or
some other team goes to worlds or I am
or literally like the biggest the most
likely candidate and then they're like
somehow make it to Sonny's and they get
the news that they aren't franchised or
something for some reason Tony Perry
yeah partners announces on November 4
this isn't sure yeah I mean I can't
imagine that happening but it would be
very interesting is see the best
candidate would be fly quests like fly
quest to run through the gauntlet and
then they get to world high quest ESPN
breaks that flight quest doesn't get to
stay at the LCS and then everyone hates
chicken yeah it's a flashback to last
year alright enemy and then they lose in
the semi after the article breaks
everyone's like Dave market lost because
rope yet yeah not just not because it
was those cases because yeah trying to
see if there's anything else that is
worth asking okay hold on this one calf
ask more questions because I enjoyed
very drinky gas questions yeah lenovo
believe here's the last one who are the
three teams you want to see it worlds
from NAU for everyone I think we should
only go kiss for sake of time and also
because I don't care about Europe we
should just pick any or so mark and I
will do North America and then Emily and
Kelsey can do Europe okay yeah all right
you go first Travis me I feel
marginalized like eager to port players
you know like I feel like this is a
sexist decision what you're in Germany
right now
what are you admitting that you think
Europe like the the worst reason I just
think that that was like a really
ridiculous tweet for frost grand to make
anyway yeah I don't know
Kelsey some subtweeting whatever oscar
has probably all asleep NER all right so
North America TSM immortals cloud nine
because you always have to have TS on
cloud nine and then immortal seem like
the strongest other team this what you
want yet who you want who you want okay
who I want uh CLG TSM see night what
you're just going to go with the
standard okay why CLG don't you feel
like they're not going to do the best
job of like right now they don't look
like they would rep North America as
well no but if they get to Worlds that
means that they figured out their
problems okay
I'm living in like the world we're like
I didn't just okay so and you're whether
you're formatting the question so these
are clearly the three best teams in
North America oh yeah it's like well no
I'm just saying like I want these teams
to go because I like the people they're
like I want them only to go I love Tony
like it but I'm not going to be like oh
yeah well Mar God just sucks and gets
completely abused like yeah I'm not
going to be happy about that
yeah alright Emily Europe um I'm gonna
go with G to H 2k the third one's tough
for me I just don't go fanatic okay not
not necessarily in that order like I'm
not saying what I think is the best but
I'm just saying it was it was tough for
me between fanatic and uol just because
of problems that each team have had that
are wholly and wildly different by the
way but um you all look really sloppy
for me so then it's about your decision
if I ask them so you played like this
really cool one through one early game
comp like is this like have you really
been working on this early game for like
this is something that you've been
focusing on and improving this it's like
it's more like
we have some comfort pics that are early
game takes without yes are definitively
and the fnatic you probably actually I
think I mean I think based on those two
teams so HD k + g2 definitely the reason
why I was walking over fnatic and you
all just because I want the three best
teams to go from every region and I
think uol's issues they're a little bit
more concerning in terms of how how well
they'd be able to do than fnatic
alright Kelsey no um I think that it
wouldn't make sense if we like HD care
is so difficult right because I feel
like their drafts choke in playoffs like
every time and it's not I forgot about
that yeah and they don't even like they
didn't even do well in spring playoffs
because they usually do make it to their
place match at least so it's hard for
them to qualify on circuit points this
time so it's like really it's more
difficult to just like confidently
predict but because obviously the main
coaches constantly criticized for the
dress is still there which is love
prolly um and probably it's actually
really good but yeah it's just like this
type of thing is an issue with this team
so I don't know I think I will say
actually due to fnatic you oh well then
yeah alright because you all do have a
lot of sticking points and I'll stick
around for 15 minutes after the show so
if you want to hang out and do QA that's
cool
let me go ahead and let everybody say
their goodbyes now oh and I also want to
give a shout out to Aquaman 1 for 3 Sean
the mark and that's Sookie who subbed
during the show I couldn't give a shout
because we were talking about stuff
Emily Rand what's going on with you this
week besides overwatch content so my
massive LM QP on their effects on the
internal movement policy in North
American meta will
for all of you who have been eagerly
awaiting that and wondering why it
didn't come out last week but actually
have a lot of lis contents coming out at
a few different places this week so
let's Ford sweat also if I had to pick
three teams coming out of Korea maybe
Casey s KP and Finn some actually well
Scherzer than the kid I wanted to sneak
it in in my outro so much EJ
okay I would usually come one of the
best top layers in the world not it not
joking
people like never notice them so shout
out the cube a Chelsea okay um yeah
interviews as usual I think like you
should check out the perks interview he
always gives like really fun answers
stuff and I'm also I did my annual I'm
doing my annual it along the future
because very important to have that and
then of course like just yeah more
exciting stuff like I'm doing a lot of
ease stuff this week just because it is
last week of regular season and there
will be a lot of cool matches so that's
for an alright mark I will be doing my
usual I'll be kind of shoot something
this week for offline TV trying to maybe
go karaoke I'll probably like I said do
a little piece not necessarily about MVP
which is about a KD a player and this
and that and like one is it playing safe
and when is it planning to save Katie a
and stuff like that
and then yeah from over relegation torn
he'll be casting that so you guys can
tune in enjoy my great thoughts about
legal legends but watch Europe is listen
to me
we have Europe playing exactly there you
go actually I am okay with that could
compromise also good for me I will be
our town investigating
job stuff somewhere yeah serious you
know but I have a bunch of enemies
coming out including one with awfully if
you didn't see her I think a bunch of us
are very excited about the fact that
she's now made it to the LCS broadcast
and I think today she made fun of pastry
time and that was what I knew she was
going to be fine yeah that was actually
a great moment uh I hate it because I
only want to see her once a week at
Yahoo and now she's here two or three
times a week
yeah don't think of it she even worked
on the base it you works at Yahoo
yeah here's our sorry once or twice
thank you
maybe not maybe maybe I was completely
hallucinating yeah but can she ride
elevators this is the important is it
relevant that she can't find out what it
is actually LCS is all on one floor now
back when she was freelancing with
Travis is a bigger issue because press
area is on the second floor there you go
so in my oven interview with hair coming
out probably tomorrow and yeah that's
the show you can sub to the channel but
just you switch prime because let's face
it it's not worth $4.99 and thanks for
watching
or are you just like under